This is where all of the lore and the ideas will be stored.

RULES (in progress):
> When a player enters the maze, they choose their name, race, and role, which defines their power/health
>Races to choose from: human, dwarf, elf
> Roles to choose from: wizard, archer, warrior
> Stats max out at 10, if health reaches 0, you must restart
> Must defeat 5 monsters along the way through 5 stages

GAME FLOW:
1. Choose a name, race, and role, which determines your skills
2. Four main skills (health, power, speed, and wisdom) are calculated
    a. you should have the ability to check the status of your skills at any point
3. The player must decide to enter the maze of monsters
    a. upon entering the maze, the paths are created for each of the five stages
4. As the player proceeds through the maze, they choose their path for each stage
    a. most paths will have monsters, but sometimes it may be a clear path
    b. each stage should have a random number of paths between 2-5
5. When a player encounters a monster, they will have two options (fight, run)
    a. if the player chooses to fight and has a higher power, they will defeat the monster
    b. if the player chooses to fight and has a lower power, but higher wisdom, they will defeat the monster, but lose health equal to half the monster's power
    c. if the player chooses to run and has a higher speed, they escape to the previous stage
    d. if the player chooses to run and has a lower speed and higher wisdom, they lose health equal to half the monster's power, but escape to the previous stage
    e. if the player chooses to run and has a lower speed and lower wisdom, they lose health equal to the monster's power, but escape to the previous stage
6. If a stage is cleared, the player has the option to increase 3-5 stat points however they'd like before moving to the next stage
    a. if a monster was killed, you can upgrade 5 stat points and regain 5 health
    b. if you clear a stage through an easy path, you can upgrade 3 stat points and gain 3 health
7. After all 5 stages are completed, the player will exit the maze and complete the game successfully
    